docs: getting started section (#75)
cisco-open/pymultiworld: docs/source/sections/getting_started.rst

**Getting Started**
===================

Welcome to multiworld!
------------------------

> `multiworld` is a powerful framework designed to enhance the resilience of collective communication libraries (CCL) such as NCCL, which are commonly used in distributed machine learning and deep learning tasks. The framework leverages PyTorch to create an environment where machine learning models can continue functioning even in the face of hardware or communication failures, ensuring robustness in distributed training setups.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`multiworld` is a powerful framework designed to enhance the resilience of collective communication libraries (CCL) such as NCCL, which are commonly used in distributed machine learning and deep learning tasks. The framework leverages PyTorch to create an environment where machine learning models can continue functioning even in the face of hardware or communication failures, ensuring robustness in distributed ML serving setups.
```

   .. code-block:: bash

       cd examples/send_recv

2. **Run the Example Script:**

   Once inside the directory, you can run the example script using Python:

    .. code:: bash

        # on terminal window 1
        python m8d.py --backend nccl --worldinfo 1,0 --worldinfo 2,0 --addr 10.20.1.50
        # on terminal window 2
        python m8d.py --backend nccl --worldinfo 1,1 --addr 10.20.1.50
        # on terminal window 3
        python m8d.py --backend nccl --worldinfo 2,1 --addr 10.20.1.50

   This script simulates a simple communication scenario, demonstrating how `multiworld` handles message passing in a distributed environment. It will output logs to the console, showing the steps it takes to manage faults and maintain communication integrity.

Understanding the Example Output
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
After running the example, take some time to review the output. The logs should provide insight into how `multiworld` monitors communication channels and handles disruptions. Understanding this process is crucial as it underpins the fault-tolerant mechanisms you’ll use in your own projects.

For more details, see :ref:`Examples section <examples>`

> 

Reviewer: Please add one section to point to the multiworld API.

Contributing to multiworld
-----------------------------
`multiworld` is an open-source project, and contributions from the community are highly encouraged. Whether you want to fix bugs, add new features, or improve documentation, your help is valuable.

> Before contributing, please take a moment to review our `Contributing Guidelines <https://github.com/cisco-open/pymultiworld/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md>`_. These guidelines outline the process for submitting issues, making changes, and following the code of conduct.

Reviewer: Is the underscore (_) after CONTRIBUTING.md>` intentional? Should we remove that?
